the caterpillars that our killers the
guys who actually became a cast member
after winning a contest to perform for
one minute on the air he is of course
Wayne Campbell and his features called
Wayne's power minute and here he is now
with his own Christmas message
explaining what the season means to him
hi this is Wayne power minute all right
now we're gonna look at parties party
parties become a verb like to party we
partied last night now I think around
1972 now everybody has their own way of
saying party let my parents say party
and some people say part a which is
incredibly bogus and some people say
Part D which is the right way to say it
now verses political parties like the
Communist Party I mean what's that
everyone shares one beer or vodka or the
conservative party everyone goes home at
11:00 and no one gets drunk or puked or
the liberal party well you get the
general idea anyways now I think a lot
of the world's problems could be solved
if we had one huge major humongous blow
up our minutes all right how you doing
pretty good
yeah you're doing a party yeah it's all
right Ted what's wrong well I have to
admit the Nog's a bit bogus let's do
something about the tunes all right
let's make them more metallic
we could like toss them anthrax or some
rat on for you and take it right off
excellent
yeah everybody enjoying yourself in
general I mean he into the Christmas
spirit that's the question oh yeah I
mean like parties nog the tow so
mistletoe go to shopping malls and
seeing those chicks dressed in green
tights you know as elves no Sanders
helpers that's pretty excellent yeah but
yeah I find it difficult to believe that
you could really get into Christmas
because you're such a heavy-metal guy
and there's really nothing metallic
about Christmas snow is here well Ted
I'm afraid I don't think I'm in the
realm of fiction and saying that you've
never been more wrong my friend
tinsel aluminum trees heavy metal oh
yeah I mean you can have a double-neck
tree right or you don't Siamese twins
which are double neck guys just have
them hanging around your house that
leads me to my point man
what do you well my point is you know
people put down other people and they
Housel them just because they have
Christmas differently than you know say
like you have it saying well I mean like
in Korea right maybe they've got you
know kick boxing day I mean you don't
know you don't know you don't so that's
my point
all right Christmas all Christmas is is
a spirit and in a word it's party thank
you okay if you got a minute I just want
to Peter just just bring that over this
I want to I want to give you this this
is kind of a thing that we chipped in
and and and gave you this is our gift to
you well Ted I didn't you know I feel
kind of bad cuz I didn't get you nothing
neither did we
all right
well it's an air guitar well yeah but
it's an air Les Paul I wanted an air
mint-condition Fender Strat 57 custom
with air humbucking pickups moon
well I'm sorry we've aired on that but
enjoy it anyway okay okay okay well have
a Merry Christmas
Thanks it was pretty excellent anyways
yeah